To control PARSEC, the hero of
this game, use the numeric
keypad to move him up, down,
left, or right.  Pressing the
space bar will fire an energy
bolt.  Collecting blocks with
a "P" on them gives you ammo
for your plasma rifle.
Pressing 'a' will fire a
plasma bolt.  (Plasma bolts
travel faster and further.)

On gravity levels, the top
three buttons on the control
pad jump in the specified
direction, while left and
right move accordingly.  The
firing buttons remain the
same.  (Note:  On gravity
levels, you can't shoot down.)

Blocks that appear behind your
character can be passed
through, while blocks
appearing on the same level or
above your character are
solid.  Take careful note of
this, expecially on gravity
levels.

XON-1 is the only planet in
which you'll find plasma
blocks to give you plasma
bolts.

On the planet XON-2, spikes
will instantly kill you, and
beware of collapsing bridges.

On XON-3, there are blocks
that retract into the wall.
Beware of these, as you cannot
stand on them once they
retract.  (You can stand on
them while they are
retracting, though.)

On XON-4, don't worry about
the stalagmites in the
beginning.  They're harmless.

To grab a power crystal, touch
it.

One of the power crystals
cannot be taken unless you
have collected the others.
That one is THE power crystal,
the one that you must find.

           GOOD LUCK
