facelift.obj:   facelift.c
                $(CCOMPILER) $(CFLAGS) facelift.c
dirtrect.obj:   dirtrect.c
                $(CCOMPILER) $(CFLAGS) dirtrect.c
membloca.obj:   membloca.asm
                $(ASSEMBLER) $(AFLAGS) membloca.asm
microcnl.obj:   microcnl.asm
                $(ASSEMBLER) $(AFLAGS) microcnl.asm
soundc.obj:     soundc.c
                $(CCOMPILER) $(CFLAGS) soundc.c
oldmouse.obj:   oldmouse.asm
                $(ASSEMBLER) $(AFLAGS) oldmouse.asm
windio.obj:     windio.c
                $(CCOMPILER) $(CFLAGS) windio.c
genc.obj:       genc.c
                $(CCOMPILER) $(CFLAGS) genc.c
gifc.obj:       gifc.c
                $(CCOMPILER) $(CFLAGS) gifc.c
palc.obj:       palc.c
                $(CCOMPILER) $(CFLAGS) palc.c
svgac.obj:      svgac.c
                $(CCOMPILER) $(CFLAGS) svgac.c
hiscorel.obj:   hiscorel.c
                $(CCOMPILER) $(CFLAGS) hiscorel.c
sbmusic.obj:    sbmusic.c
                $(CCOMPILER) $(CFLAGS) sbmusic.c
jstickc.obj:    jstickc.c
                $(CCOMPILER) $(CFLAGS) jstickc.c
jsticka.obj:    jsticka.asm
                $(ASSEMBLER) $(AFLAGS) jsticka.asm
pala.obj:       pala.asm
                $(ASSEMBLER) $(AFLAGS) pala.asm
scrnrout.obj:   scrnrout.asm
                $(ASSEMBLER) $(AFLAGS) scrnrout.asm
svgaa.obj:      svgaa.asm
                $(ASSEMBLER) $(AFLAGS) svgaa.asm
bloca.obj:      bloca.asm
                $(ASSEMBLER) $(AFLAGS) bloca.asm
regspace.obj:   regspace.asm
                $(ASSEMBLER) $(AFLAGS) regspace.asm
graphc.obj:     graphc.c
                $(CCOMPILER) $(CFLAGS) graphc.c

