
   PENGUIN PETE INSTRUCTIONS

Arrow keys or joystick move
Penguin Pete, but we recommend
the numeric keypad (set
NumLock to on).  4,6,8, and 2
move left, right, up, and
down.  7 jumps left, 9 jumps
right.  The 'j' key jumps
straight up.

The space bar throws the
harpoon.  The 'm' key throws
snowballs and the 'b' key
drops bombs, if you have any.
The 'n' key jumps up and back
down, killing some monsters.
Power level of weapons is:
        Harpoon (lowest)
        Killing Jump
        Snowball
        Bomb (highest)

The 'p' picks up objects.  The
'd' key drops objects.  

Touch a bomb and you acquire
it.  Food (such as algae,
fish, some starfish, some
crabs) increase hit points.

Items such as mines and
pebbles increase score.  Gold
increases money.  Hearts add a
life.
