We should never have gone...

  We were so naive as to the
dangers space held. From the
Earth, one can see little of
the rest of the galaxy, much
less the universe.
  The first ship equiped with
the flux drive changed all
that, though most wish it
hadn't.
  The universe is not as it
seems from the Earth, after
all. There are strange things
happening there... and it is


not as empty as it may seem.
Actually, the universe, in
places, is made up of terrain
not unlike that of Earth,
while totally `new' substances
make up the rest of it.
  Sorry, I know I ramble on,
but this needs to be known.
Well, the first ship, dubbed
Nejillian Flux, after the man
who invented the flux drive,
Myran Nejillian, was sent out
as a probe, but it was at-
tacked and nearly destroyed by


some strange beings.
  The crew were picked up just
before their air began to run
out by a passing `scooter'.
  The pilot was not from
Earth, yet he appeared to be
human. I don't know the story
behind this, but it would
probably make an interesting
novel.
  Now, the crew have to try to
get back home, but without the
flux drive, who knows where
they'll turn up??