the ball of uranium rolled
right into the core of venus,
destroying itself entirely.
unfortunately, the amount of
uranium the ball contained
was just enough to overbal-
ance the magma and deep-soaked
explosive minerals from pre-
terraformed Venus. There was
an eruption right beneath the
Earth colony. What's worse,
the colony rested directly
on the largest fault on the
planet. The explosion started
a chain-reaction that ran
through every fault on Venus,
spilling its insides every-
place and quickly turning the
planet into a floating sphere
of lava. Oh, by the way, the
Venus colony was destroyed,
in case you didn't figure it
out by now. Guess the ambas-
sador shouldn't have fought
the aliens, after all. :) 
