
      PIPEMARE INSTRUCTIONS



Arrow keys or joystick move
Similing Savage Pete Pipeman.  
(You can call him Pip.)

The space bar fires the laser.
The 'b' key throws bombs, if
you have any.  The 'p' picks
up objects.  The 'd' key 
drops objects.

Touch a bomb and you acquire
it.  Watch out for jets of
steam spitting from faulty
pipes.

LEVEL ONE

Score lots of points if you
stop any leaks or turn off any
running water.  Build strength
by eating.  Lose strength if
any vermin even touch you.
Find the hidden room of gold
to progress to the next level.



LEVEL TWO

Many of the same problems as
on level one, but you are out
of the pipe tunnels and into
the underground pipe rooms.
Win by finding and bombing
your way into the chamber of
infinite riches, where piles
of gold are yours for the 
taking.ÿ





FUNCTION KEYS.

During game play, type F1 to
learn about the function keys.
 