     To play PROGRESS OR
CONGRESS? you need to use the
following keys: To move your
character, use the arrow keys
on your keypad.  Press the
center button ("5") to "vote".
Press F1 for other directions.

     On "gravity" levels, the
top three keys on the keypad
jump your character in those
directions, left goes left,
right goes right, and the
center button votes.

     You will start on a city
street (don't worry, there's
no cars, but plenty of other
dangers!).  Your object is to
fight through 4 levels and
then defeat the Majority
Leader at the end.  Note: On
the status screen, the number
of hitpoints you have is the
number of dollars you have.

     After you start the game,
the congressmen will attack.
Avoid them, for they take away
your money.

     You can vote them out of
office.  Press the key for
"vote" and you vote will be on
it's way.  If you hit the
congressman, he will
disappear, never to be heard
from again.  If your vote
misses, too bad.  A connected
vote will give you 100 points.

     There are also taxes
flying nearby.  Avoid at all
costs!  Taxes can take away
large amounts of money.  Plus,
no matter how much you try,
taxes cannot be stopped.
Votes will not affect them.

     If you get hit, you will
see a bill fly off with wings.
Each bill represents five
dollars you lost to congress.

     You start out with one
ballot.  As you walk around,
you will see white squares
that have "BALLOT" written on
them.  Collect them.  Each one
gives you one more vote.

     There are also squares in
each square mile that say
"WORK" on them.  Stand on the
square and keep moving against
the wall.  Every few seconds
you will get five dollars for
your work (minimum wage only).
You must be moving while you
are on the square.  You won't
get paid for just standing
there.

     If you find a bag of
money, grab it!  It will
increase your money amount.

     If a congressman knocks
you onto a building, you can
use the building as a
shortcut to another road.
Watch out for the congressmen
standing on the rooftops.

     One building has a super
ballot on its roof.  You will
see the words "BALLOT" written
faintly on the roof.  Touch
those words and you will gain
50 ballots!

     There is a door in one of
the buildings.  Go through
this door, and it will send
you to the next level.

     On level 2, you can 
vote out Congress Balloons and
IRS squares.  There is a 
doorway in one of the clouds 
which leads you to another 
level.

     On level 3, IRS agents
can be voted out like
congressmen.  Some carry
briefcases, though, which
attack you separately.  Find
the stairway which leads you
on to the next level.

     On level 4, avoid the
IRS spikes, and watch out for
surtaxes, which spring up
suddenly.  Also, some of the
ground looks stable, but will
crumble if you step on it.
Get to the surface and go
through the door on the
building to find the Majority
Leader!

     The Majority Leader takes
5 hits per part to destroy,
and each part has a person
hidden in it.

          GOOD LUCK!
