  Crullo and Crulla were
living happily in a comfy
little midtown bakery, when an
evil witch came in and bought
Crulla for a magic spell.
  Dismayed, Crullo went
chasing after her, but they
disappeared. Once he had
finished sobbing, Crullo
remembered that the witch had
said something about living
in a castle. There were four
castles in the area, though --
Sand, Stone, Water, and Wood.
  Which had she gone to?
Crullo realized he had to
search all four. Well, if he
had to, he had to.
  But first, out of the
bakery. Crullo hopped off the
shelf and rolled out of the
building. Luckily, the clerk's
back had been turned. Dodging
an army of policemen, Crullo
made it to the closest castle,
the one of sand. Trembling
slightly, he entered the
building.
