  
  Just before Peach dealt the
fatal blow,Fang Duck vanished,
screaming vows of vengence.
  Peach slumped down against
the wall, gasping for breath.
after a while, he deemed him-
self strong enough to walk,
and started back. Now that
Fang Duck is gone, what comes
next? Everyone else is gone,
and he doesn't know if he can
make it back to the coast.
  Losing all his strength a-
gain, Peach collapsed,sobbing.
              1
He didn't even see the magenta
light filling the air around
him.
  When Peach awoke, he sensed
the land felt different some-
how. Losing his sorrow in the
wake of this curiosity, peach
started hiking to the burned
shack he saw on the way there.
  Upon reaching the top of a
ridge, an amazing view came
to Peach's eyes. It was if the
land hadn't changed a bit, as
if Fang Duck had never been in
power, as if --
              2
  "Hey! What're you doing
there?! Get outta my cow pas-
ture!"
  The voice startled Peach,
and he spun around to face the
source. An angry chipmunk was
calling from the distance.
  Norumbega was back to nor-
mal! Peach hadn't the foggiest
idea why, but it was! Laughing
hysterically, Peach ran down
the hill, heading for the
coast.
  The farmer watched the young
lobster disappear into the
              3
distance.
  "Kids keep getting stranger
every day", he mumbled, trudg-
ing back to his chair.











              4
