  The land of Norumbega was a
generally happy one.  Almost
all of the regions got along
well -- the country, city,
sea, caverns . . .pretty much
everything -- except for the
Dark Quarter.
  This is the land where the
evil Fang Duck dwells. Sudden-
ly, around a year ago, an urge
stuck him to take over all of
Norumbega and populate it with
his minions, the ducks.
  As war was virtually unknown
in Norumbega, it seemed as if
              1
no one had the power to stop
Fang Duck. That's where Peach
stepped in.
  Peach's coastal home, popu-
lated by land crustacions, re-
cieved word of the invasion
much after the fact. For some
reason or another, Fang Duck
missed this community en-
tirely.
  Dismayed at the news, the
community leaders called on
peach, the fastest land lob-
ster in Norumbega, to sneak in
and oust Fang Duck. Fang Duck
              2
would not expect any attack;
he would assume that he had
destroyed all his adversaries.
  Armed with a claw gun, not
really a weapon, but the clos-
est thing to it, Peach started
his journey.








              3
