Zoom tore into the small stone
library just as the clock
struck nine. He'd changed back
into his normal clothes as he
was going through the door.
Luckily, no one was watching.

 "Here," Zoom smiled at the
librarian. "I found the lost
library card."

 The librarian stared. "We've
been looking for that for a
week! How did you find it?"

 "Oh, I just looked around."

Hey! you're pretty good. I
guess you must like this if
you've played this far. I'd
appriciate any comments or
suggestions you might have.
Would you like to see a
sequel? What would you like
Zoom to go against? Where
would you like to see him.
I assure you, writer's block
is just as deadly with comput-
er games, so PLEASE talk to
me. Even if you don't want to
register (though hopefully you
do), I NEED RESPONSE!!
